---
layout: post
title: Release v2.0.0
subtitle: The new version v2.0.0 is now available
tags: [news]
author: Simon Pflaum
---

The new v2.0.0 version is now available for android. This update includes major security improvements, scanner updates and more. 

## Security improvements
In previous versions, the data stored on the device was not secured or encrypted in any way. Anyone with access to the phone could extract the data.
With v2.0.0, this has changed!

The data is now encrypted, either via biometrics or a password. The password is also available as a fallback, in case biometric authentication no longer works (sensor broke, ...).
With this change, data is protected against unauthorized access. And because we encrypt the data itself and not only restrict access to the app via a normal login, your data is secure, even if someone has access to your phone.

## New document scanner
While the old document scanner did its job, it lacked features like automatic cropping, document detection or even basic visual enhancements for a better document quality.

For a greater experience, an improved document scanner replaces the legacy one. It supports features like automatic document detection and cropping, visual enhancements and more. 
The legacy scanner is still available as a fallback and can be turned on in the settings. 

## Backups
Under settings, a new option to create and restore backups is available. Backups contain all relevant information (folders, document, tags and detected text) and can be used to restore your data on a different device or as a savepoint - in case something breaks.
